Release/1.11.0 (#56)
ONSdigital/dp-frontend-area-profiles: README.md

Run the main server
* Run `make debug`

> To develop the frontend assets (css, js, ts etc.) then the following 2 make tasks will watch any file changesin the `assets/dist` directory & your frontend will reflect these updates on page reload (you might need to clear your cache withL `⌘ + R`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop the frontend assets (css, js, ts etc.) then the following 2 make targets will watch any file changes in the `assets/dist` directory & your frontend will reflect these updates on page reload (you might need to clear your cache withL `⌘ + R`):
```
